READ ME

Problem Definition: 

This project was proposed by Codecademy as a way to practice some basic skills in programming. 
In order to practice on a busy schedule, I decided to make a Tic Tac Toe game that worked entirely
in the terminal. With this in mind, these were my goals. 

General Problem: Create a tic tac toe game.

Refined problem: Write a tic tac toe game for two people to play. The game should know who the winner 
is and should end when a someone wins the game based on the rules of tic tac toe. 

Final problem: Based on the rules of tic tac toe, create a game that:
- allows for two players to compete
- checks for a winnner in all possible outcomes
- checks for a cat's game
- reads easily for players

Problem Preparation: 

Most of the problem preparation was done on paper or on a whiteboard in my classroom. However, I started
by writing some simple pseudocode to provide a framework on which to build my game. 

#Print welcome
#Collect names of players and assign X and O
#Print board

#While game progresses
    #Prompt and store player one move (X)
    #Check board for winner
    #Check for Cat's Game (No moves left)
    #Print board
    #Prompt and store player two move (O)
    #Check board for winner
    #Print board

#Print congratulations to the winner.

I then went ahead and diagrammed my code on paper. When this was complete I wrote down the methods that I
intended to create with the goal of each written. 

Writing the Program: 
With the methods in mind, I set to work creating the program which can be seen here. 

Refactoring and Reflecting:
Overall, I believe that the program works well. While there is probably more that I can do. Based on testing
and refactoring that I have done, this game accomplishes the previously stated goals of:

- allows for two players to compete
- checks for a winnner in all possible outcomes
- checks for a cat's game
- reads easily for players

All in all, this was great practice, and I look forward to doing more problems like this in the future.

Best wishes and peace,

teachandlearn